Update README.md (#2)
Scalingo/matomo: README.md

[![Deploy to Scalingo](https://cdn.scalingo.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://my.scalingo.com/deploy?source=https://github.com/Scalingo/matomo)

> Some ads blocker, like uBlock, may perturbate the process. If it cannot succeed at first, try to deactivate the ads blocker temporary.

Reviewer: it's only cosmetic, but maybe add a ⚠️  ?

> (Some ads blocker, like uBlock, may perturbate the process. If it cannot succeed at fist, try to desactivate the ads blocker temporary)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some ads blocker, like uBlock, may perturbate the process. If it cannot succeed at first, try to deactivate the ads blocker temporary.
```
